1	Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
1	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
1	Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
1	Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
1	Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
0	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
0	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
1	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
1	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
1	Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
1	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
1	She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
1	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
1	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
1	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
1	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
1	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
1	The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
1	He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
1	What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
1	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
1	The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
1	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
1	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
1	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
1	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
1	This movie is to be cherished .
1	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
1	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
1	Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
1	This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
0	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
1	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
1	Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
1	There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
1	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
1	This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
1	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
1	A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
1	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
1	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
1	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
1	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
1	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
1	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
1	Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
0	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
1	One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
1	Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
1	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
1	The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
1	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
1	` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
1	You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
1	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
0	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
0	The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
1	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
1	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
1	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
1	It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
1	What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
1	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
1	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
1	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
1	The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
1	A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
1	So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
0	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
1	... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
1	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
1	A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
1	Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
1	Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
1	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
1	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
1	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
1	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
1	The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
1	Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
1	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
0	You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
1	Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
1	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
1	Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
1	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
1	Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
1	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
1	Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
1	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
1	It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
1	A very capable nailbiter .
1	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
0	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
0	It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
1	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
1	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
0	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
1	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
1	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
1	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
1	Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
1	Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
1	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
1	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
1	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
1	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
1	Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
1	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
1	After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
1	The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
1	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
1	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
1	Enticing and often funny documentary .
1	A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
1	Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
1	At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
1	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
1	Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
1	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
1	Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
1	Bring tissues .
1	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
1	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
1	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
1	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
1	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
1	I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
1	A classy , sprightly spin on film .
1	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
1	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
1	A moving , if uneven , success .
1	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
1	There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
1	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
1	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
1	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .
0	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
1	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
1	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
1	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
1	The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
1	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
1	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
1	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
1	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
1	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
1	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
1	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
1	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
0	At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
1	Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
1	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
1	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
1	Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
1	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
1	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
1	Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
1	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
1	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
1	Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
1	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
1	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
1	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
1	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
1	Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
1	-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
1	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
1	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
1	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
1	Worth a look as a curiosity .
1	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
1	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
0	Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
1	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
1	For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
0	If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
1	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
1	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
1	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
1	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
1	There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
1	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
1	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
1	The movie is brilliant , really .
1	It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
1	It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
1	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
1	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
1	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
1	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
1	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
1	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
0	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
1	It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
1	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
1	Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
1	Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
1	... a light , yet engrossing piece .
1	Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
1	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
1	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
1	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
1	Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
1	K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
1	It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
1	Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
1	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
1	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
1	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
1	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
1	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
1	Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
1	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1	A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
1	Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
1	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
1	Slight but enjoyable documentary .
1	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
1	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
1	The heat of the moment prevails .
1	It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
1	A riveting story well told .
1	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
1	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
1	Pretty good little movie .
1	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
1	If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
1	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
1	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
1	Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
1	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
1	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
1	It 's a masterpeice .
1	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
1	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
1	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
1	Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
1	In fact , even better .
1	Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
1	A stirring road movie .
1	One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
1	Insanely hilarious !
1	I have n't laughed that hard in years !
1	These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
1	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
1	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
1	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
1	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
1	Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
1	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
1	A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
1	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
1	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
1	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
1	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
1	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
1	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
1	It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
1	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
1	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
1	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
1	There are moments of hilarity to be had .
1	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
1	-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
1	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
1	Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
1	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
1	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
1	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
1	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
1	A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
1	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
1	Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
1	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
1	But it does have one saving grace .
1	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
1	At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
1	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
1	The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
1	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
1	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
1	It 's a cool event for the whole family .
1	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
0	The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
1	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
1	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
0	I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
1	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
1	Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
1	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
1	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
1	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
1	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
1	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
1	Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
1	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
1	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
1	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
1	This is a superior horror flick .
1	Adaptation is simply brilliant .
1	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
1	The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
1	We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
1	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
1	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
1	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
1	It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1	One of the best rock documentaries ever .
1	Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
1	Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
0	Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
1	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
1	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
1	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
1	A tremendous piece of work .
1	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
1	While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
1	LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
1	Something for everyone .
1	Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
1	Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
1	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
1	` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
1	A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
0	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
1	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
1	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
1	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
1	Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
1	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
1	There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
1	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
1	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
1	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
1	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
1	Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
1	The performances are uniformly good .
1	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
1	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
1	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
1	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
1	It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
1	A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
1	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
1	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
1	A smart little indie .
1	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
1	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
1	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
0	Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
1	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
1	I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
1	The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
1	It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
1	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
1	Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
1	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
1	Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
1	Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
1	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
1	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
1	Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
0	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
1	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
1	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
1	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
0	Why ?
1	Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
1	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
1	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
1	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
1	After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
1	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
1	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
1	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
1	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
1	The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
1	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
1	Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
1	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
1	The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
1	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
1	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
1	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
1	Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
0	Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
1	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
0	-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1	But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
1	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
1	In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
1	His work with actors is particularly impressive .
1	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
1	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
1	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
1	Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
1	Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
1	Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
1	Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
1	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
1	Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
1	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
1	Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
1	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
0	But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1	This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
1	-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
0	It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
1	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
1	Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
1	Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
1	It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
1	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
1	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
1	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
1	The film is full of charm .
1	The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
1	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
0	... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
1	He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
1	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
1	It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
1	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
1	Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
1	It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
1	A slight but sweet film .
1	Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
1	It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
1	Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
1	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
1	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
1	George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
1	Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
1	An extraordinary dramatic experience .
1	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
1	That , in itself , is extraordinary .
1	It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
1	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
1	Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
1	It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
1	Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
0	It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
1	The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
1	The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
1	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
1	Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
1	This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
1	I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
1	Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
1	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
1	This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
1	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
1	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
1	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
1	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
1	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
0	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
1	The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
1	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
1	On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
1	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
1	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
1	A beautifully observed character piece .
1	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
1	It is quite a vision .
1	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
1	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
1	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
1	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
1	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
1	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
1	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
1	Strange and beautiful film .
1	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
0	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
1	... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
1	... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
1	Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
1	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
1	Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
1	Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
1	At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
1	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
0	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
1	It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
1	You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
1	And it is .